what's up guys jay destiny draw here and
today i have not one but two mini boxes
of the premium gold set to open for you
guys and like i said well i'm gonna open
it i'm going to tell you it's actually
it's a really cool set i really wanted
to get it this is the first time I've
ever really bought like booster boxes
usually I just like by what I see but um
this is it's a really cool set like I
said there's a lot of really cool card
than it yeah I'm really excited I'm
hoping to get like maybe the god cards
or just like all the nostalgic cards
maybe even some of the new cards too and
here's the back it's pretty cool the
king of bling gold secret you have
premium gold just regular golds and then
there's like gold ultra rares it says
but I don't know what really that means
so we'll see let's open some of these up
I'm just going to open this one too
while we're at it I'm gonna keep them
separate just to see how it did on each
little mini pack if you haven't already
be sure to LIKE and subscribe to my
channel because I have a couple more
videos coming up and I already have a
lot of videos up there so yeah you want
to check those out
a lot of cool openings on it so let's
set this like right there that was
pretty cool okay so for our first one
let's see what we can get the first I'm
gonna try to keep the pack pretty nice
so because you guys would probably know
if you watch my other videos that I'm
planning to do something cool with all
the different packs that I have and
didn't come up bad so cool all right
so for a gold rare we have honest which
is a really cool gold rare we have tri
edge levia that's cool
oh sweet and a Slifer already nice a
bottomless Trap Hole and what is that
the Lord of dark world gold so yeah from
the first pack already got the most
expensive card in the set so that is
awesome just gonna separate the gold
rares from the regular rare or the gold
secrets in the Builder and if I get
doubles of this stuff it'll probably be
for seller trades so just let me know if
you guys want anything and we have a
fire formation tanky which is cool a
number 82 hard land Draco a gimmick
puppet magnet doll these are kind of
hard to read because of a stupid there's
it's not it's actually really cool but
it's kind of hard to read swords of
revealing light and a BLS and boy the
beginning sweet so this has got cards
I'm really looking for basically I don't
know there's a lot of cards I'm looking
for in this set which should be pretty
oh it's gonna be awesome whatever I get
so I'm just kind of going with the
surprise factor here we got light pulsar
a Hopf sweet obelisk
so we got two already in the first mini
box it's awesome
so we have silent bob be yeah I don't
know what that car doesn't have to look
at that later
great fever spy and I Caius so that was
a pretty good first box let's take a
look at the second mini box nice we got
eclipsed by burn a number c6 chromoly
chaos atlandis a number C 65 gimmick
puppet giant hunter
oh how nice a Jinzo sweet and a
Blackwing armed wing
these these cards are so cool I love I
love like almost all the cards in this
set the ones I don't really like gimmick
puppets or like the crow anomalies are
pretty cool so definitely willing to
sell or trade those solar recharge
gimmick puppet humpty-dumpty and a
Blackwing the dark phlerger black
feather the dark fire dragon that's the
dark rage dragon holy crap
can't pronounce it it still looks
awesome we have a mystical state Space
typhoon
it looks cool and then an exploder
dragon so overall I'm really liking the
pulls out of this boo first couple times
this uh oh yes I have a weakness for
this card I love this card dark magician
girl
that's that just looks awesome that's
sweet
big belly night number 13 embodiment of
crime prime material dragon and rise of
the storm monarch so overall I'd say
pretty awesome polls for the first one
and I'm gonna be opening my other ones
pretty soon so make sure you stay
updated on my youtube channel and check
out my other videos this is Jay dusting
draw signing out